chore: rfc for semantic versioning in our API (#5)
waw-muzik/rfcs: active-rfcs/0004-api-versioning.md

# Basic example

```bash
curl -i -H " Accept: application/vnd.wawmuzik.v1+json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://app.wawmuzik.com/auth/login
```

and the API will send a response with this header:

```bash
Content-Type: application/vnd.wawmuzik.v1+json
```

# Motivation

We want to improve our API and business logic adding more semantic data and improving a lot of things, for no break anything semantic versioning will the best approach for this. For now, we will only mayor versions, so all clients will be using something like v1, v2, v3 ...

# Detailed design

We will manage our API through semantic versioning, being the client who defines which version of the API they want to consume using this header

```bash
curl -i -H " Accept: application/vnd.wawmuzik.v1+json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://app.wawmuzik.com/auth/login
```

the response will be come with this type of header:

```bash
Content-Type: application/vnd.wawmuzik.v1+json
```

In backend, in our routers, we will need to check this header before do something in the ednpoint, so we will need to make a Factory that manage this behaviour.

> For now, requests that doesn't have this header, will be redirect to the first version of our API. This approach will be for now, because in the future, when we will remove this 1 version, requests that doesn't have this header, will be redirect to the lastest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, requests that don't have this header will be redirected to the first version of our API. This approach will be for now, because in the future, when we will remove this 1 version, requests that don't have this header, will be redirected to the latest version
```
